Introduction
============

A brief description of many of the scripts included in this repository. This is
not guaranteed to be up-to-date!

The Scripts
===========

## apr ##

CSH script to pretty-print code for printing in a fairly compact way.

## attached ##

List all devices attached to a Netgear WG584D router, with admin password as
first argument.

## autoexpect ##

[Expect][] script to generate an expect script that reproduces your actions.

  [expect]: http://expect.nist.gov/
          "Tool for automating interactive applications"

## autoforward.pl ##

Build an exim `.forward` rule file from custom terser syntax. See also
<http://www.dmi.me.uk/blog/2007/03/08/automatic-email-forwarding/>.

## bash_quote ##

Retrieve and display the bash quote with the ID given on the command line.

## detectfs ##

Extremely hacky method of detecting some common file system types by directly
reading the block device. Probably requires you to be root.

## extip ##

Retrieve and display your external IP address.

## extract ##

Automatically extract an archive of any type into a subdirectory named after
it.

## fetch-ted-videos ##

A very hacky method of fetching all of the videos from [TED.com](http://www.ted.com/).

## gcode.pl ##

Geek Code decoder.

## iptables_parse.pl ##

Partial parser for `iptables-save` output to make it more understandable.

## netstatus ##

Shows status and speed of network connections. Requires `ethtool`.

## osd_echo ##

Display the argument as a green text OSD at the bottom centre of the screen.
Requires `xosd`.

## revdep-query ##

Look up reverse dependencies for a package in Gentoo. Written by Nick Pope.

## svn-apply-git-patchset ##

A fairly advanced script that will apply the output of `git format-patch` to a
subversion repository, including commit messages. It has some limitations and
known issues, but is usable for most common changes.

## swapkbd ##

Used for swapping keyboard between GB and DVORAK.

## uniq.pl ##

Version of `uniq` that doesn't require the list to be sorted.

## url2spotify ##

Simple handler for `spotify:` URIs.

## voldisp ##

Fetch and display current volume status (via ALSA commands) as an OSD after
optionally modifying it (up, down, mute).

----

Last updated: 2009-12-17 21:21 GMT
